# ParmenidesChangeGame-js
Randomly generated comments related to change based on basic Parmenides philosophy.  Insert a real positive number and return a comment based on change.

Parmenides Change Game code can be copy and pasted onto a console that supports Javascript but it can also be modified so that it can be saved as an executable file.  The game is meant to be a sort of virtual fidget spinner that hopefully inspires the player to discover more about the philosopher.  The game could appeal to any bored player or aficionado of games of chance.  This code can easily be modified to entertain other philosophers.  The return value is an object in which the key is defined by a one word condensation of the philosopher's theme and the value is defined as some short kitschy phrase that relates to the theme and gives a quick glimpse into context. Two positive real number inputs are provided by the player and the second input is changed through a random integer generator method.  This way even if the player provides the same inputs in the same order multiple times the player has a chance of encountering different objects.

Parmenides was an ancient Greek natural philosopher.  Zeno was a fellow philosopher and Parmenides conversed with Socrates.  The entirety of Parmenides' philosophical treaty is believed to be contained within one major metaphysical poem.  Parmenides' writing describes how his encounter with the goddess Night endowed him with a special wisdom.  Having the goddess Night, whose residence is guarded by Justice and is a throughway for the souls of the dead, is significant because she instructs Zeus on how to maintain unity.  Thus, universal unity can be assumed to be a major theme in Parmenides' philosophy on the reality of reality and the examination of the existence or nonexistence of change.

